# Corosync/pacemaker manifests: part 1

-	Not all resource types supported:
    -	Constraints (e.g. location) support
    -	Master/slave resources not supported
-	Puppet service type provider for pacemaker:
    - Parses LRM of alive nodes
    - Waits for status change with respect to timeouts
    - Handles timeouts depending on defaults or user-specified values
-	[5.1 release] Shadow approach broken => Moved to xml patches instead
Note:
 First of all, we needed to polish some of the corosync module code that we had at
 the time we forked it. We needed additional support for other pacemaker
 resources/entities such as location constraints and master/slave resources. This
 code was not in place so we wrote it. Then, in order to deploy pacemaker resources
 and to maintain almost the same puppet code we needed to implement pacemaker service
 provider for puppet. It parses output of Pacemaker Local Resource Managers in CIB
 respecting timeout values and monitor commands. If it cannot derive user-specified
 values for timeouts, it parses OCF script metadata to get this information.
 Also in order to support complex OCF scripts such as scripts for Galera and RabbitMQ
 we had to abandon default upstream 'shadow'-like approach as it was sometimes
 overwriting cluster attributes during deployment changes and this desynchronization   led to deployment failures. So we leveraged pacemaker support for XML diff CIB
 modification and rewrote all the providers to support it. Additionally, maintaining
 shadows was a real headache as we needed a strict sequential order of shadow+commit
 resource pairs in order not to overwrite CIB populated with other resources data.
